# Mocktail-maker

Aim of this project is to make a smart Mocktail making machine that can be used by people on a daily basis and is budget friendly as well. The key goal is to make sure that the user interface is as simple to use keeping the quality of the mocktail good. And also to ensure utmost sanitation during this process as the past few years, post the pandemic people are well concerned about the quality of the products they consume. The machine makes sure people get their desired mocktails out of the juices of their choice in an easy way at their fingertips anywhere they want, may it be house, office, parties, etc. The attempt was made to make this project cost efficient as much as possible.

The “Mocktail making machine” was constructed using both an Arduino board and a Raspberry Pi . The device was designed to automate the mixing and serving of various juice-based mocktails, with the user having full control over the process. Additionally, a feedback system was incorporated into the machine to ensure that users could operate it without encountering any difficulties. The machine was engineered to be compact in size, allowing it to be placed in any location without taking up too much space, and also making it portable. In order to design our mocktail maker, various similar devices were researched that are available in the market, taking into consideration their features, advantages, and drawbacks, as well as their cost. The primary objective of this project was to create a cost-effective and user-friendly machine, with basic but essential features expected from a mocktail maker.
